1.  After a while as an ambulance driver, you get  to what you see at accidents.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   harden   hardened 
 
2.  My sole object was to get  from the snow, to get myself covered and warm.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   shelter   shelter 
 
3.  Taken all the factors into account, his chances of winning the election were .   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   slim   slim 
 
4.  It will only  his position if he continues to stick to his strange ideas.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   weaken   weaken 
 
5.   thousands of people watched the football game.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   Literally   Literally 
 
6.  The most  change was in my younger brother, who had grown quite a bit and was now a third-grader.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   noticeable   noticeable 
 
7.  I am supposed to be resting and relaxing, but it is just a whole  of different things that have happened.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   bunch   bunch 
 
8.  Day and night Martin could not  his mind from the failure he had suffered.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   drag   drag 
 
9.  I would be  if you would mail this package for me.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   grateful   grateful 
 
10.  The young man was  on heroin (海洛因) and lost his job and his wife.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   hooking   hooked 
 
11.  Most of what is said about these great men of history has already been said, and what has not is  unimportant to our discussion.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   largely   largely 
 
12.  I threw a piece of meat to the dog and he  it in one go.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   swallowed   swallowed 
 
13.  If left untreated, the amount of insecticide stored here can reach such  levels that larger animals will be killed.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   poisonous   poisonous 
 
14.  The mailman left a  for you at our house.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   package   package 
 

1.  The old lady stopped and stood against the wall to rest for a moment. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   leaned on   leaned on 
 
2.  Since your mother is often ill, remember to keep a first-aid medicine box close by all the time. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   close at hand   close at hand 
 
3.  In a hard winter, especially in snowy weather, many wild animals can be killed by hunger. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   die of   die of 
 
4.  In the poor neighborhoods of the city, there are many uncared-for young children who suffer from not having parental love. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   are starved at   are starved of 
 
5.  Very high quality, together with the relatively low prices, has made these cars very popular. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   coupled with   coupled with 
 
6.  This advertisement is intended mainly for young people in their early twenties. 
Your replacement 1:  
Your replacement 2:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   is directed   is directed 
   at   at 
 
7.  They are usually wearing their Sunday best when they go to church. 
Your replacement 1:  
Your replacement 2:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   are   are 
   dressed in   dressed in 
 
8.  I was thankful to John for his kindness. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   grateful to   grateful to 
 
9.  There are still many families making a great effort to survive on low incomes. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   struggling to   struggling to 
 
10.  Last weekend, I cooked two chickens and invited a group of people to taste them. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   a bunch of   a bunch of 
 
11.  Could you take hold and lift the newspapers and magazines for me? 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   pick up   pick up 
 
12.  Lack of rain in association with high temperatures caused the crops to fail. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   coupled with   coupled with 
 
13.  Animals are making a great effort to survive in these harsh conditions. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   struggling to   struggling to 
 
14.  Two weeks after Terry was born, the mother was killed by cancer. 
Your replacement:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   died of   died of 
 

Your answers  Correct answers  
    1.  ceased    ceased  
    2.  noticeable    noticeable  
    3.  defied    rebelled  
    4.  skipped    skipped  
    5.  bunch    bunch  
    6.  forbid    forbid  
    7.  objections    objections  
    8.  identical    identical  
    9.  solution    solution  
    10.  behavior    behavior  


Your answers  Correct answers  
    1.  cease    cease  
    2.  patience    patience  
    3.  deaf    deaf  
    4.  hardly    hardly  
    5.  got used to    got used to  
    6.  ignored    ignored  
    7.  positive    positive  
    8.  upsets    upsets  
    9.  mind    mind  
    10.  intentions    intentions  
    11.  alternatives    alternatives  
    12.  noticeable    noticeable  
    13.  increasingly    increasingly  
    14.  even if    even if  
    15.  applying    applying  

1.  他说话很自信，给我留下了很深的印象。(Use "which" to refer back to an idea or situation) 
He spoke confidently, which impressed me most. 
Suggested answer: He spoke confidently, which impressed me most. 
2.  我父亲太爱忘事，总是在找钥匙。 (Use "so... that..." to emphasize the degree of something) 
My father is so forgetable that he is always finding keys. 
Suggested answer: My father is so forgetful that he is always looking for his keys. 
3.  我十分感激你给我的帮助。(be grateful for) 
I am very greatful for you to help me. 
Suggested answer: I'm very grateful to you for all the help you have given me. 
4.  光线不足，加上地面潮湿，使得驾驶十分困难。(coupled with) 
The little lights, coupled with the wet ground, made driving difficult. 
Suggested answer: The bad light, coupled with the wet ground, made driving very difficult. 
5.  由于缺乏资金，他们不得不取消了创业计划。(starve of) 
Due to the starve of finance, they had to cancel the plan of establishing a company. 
Suggested answer: Being starved of funds, they had to cancel their plan to start a business. 
6.  每当有了麻烦，他们总是依靠我们。(lean on) 
Every time they met with trouble, they always leaned on us. 
Suggested answer: They always lean on us whenever they are in trouble. 

1.  The plane may be several hours late, in which case there's no point in our waiting. 
飞机可能会晚点几个小时，要是那样，我们等着就没有什么意义了。 
Suggested answer: 飞机可能会晚点几个小时，要是那样，我们等着就没有什么意义了。 
2.  George so often told stories that were untrue that no one believed him when he told about the high grade he got in the exam. 
乔治常常说谎，因此当他说他考试得了高分时没人相信他。 
Suggested answer: 乔治常常说谎，因此当他说他考试得了高分时没人相信他。 
3.  All was silent except for the small factory fairly close at hand, somewhere down by the crossroads. 
一切都很平静，除了在十字路口处的那家小工厂。 
Suggested answer: 除了附近位于十字路口的那家小工厂，一切都静悄悄的。 
4.  People starved of sleep may find it difficult to focus their minds on what they are doing. 
缺少睡眠的人会觉得很难把注意力集中到工作中。 
Suggested answer: 缺少睡眠的人会感到很难集中心思干活。 
5.  I arranged to pick up Mr. Clarke at the airport and take him to his hotel. 
我安排了人去飞机场接Clarke先生，并且带他去了宾馆。 
Suggested answer: 我安排人去机场接克拉克先生，然后带他去宾馆。 
6.  The tourists cried out of joy upon reaching the peak of the mountain. 
当游客们到达山顶时，他们都高兴地大叫起来。 
Suggested answer: 一到达山顶，游客们都高兴地大叫起来。 



