1.  Parents... may attempt to compensate by showering them with material possessions. (Para. 4) 
giving them a lot of gifts 
Suggested answer: giving them many material possessions 
2.  Such parents fluctuate between saying no and giving in¡ªbut neither response seems satisfactory to them. (Para. 6) 
hesitate, and change their minds frequently 
Suggested answer: change continually and frequently 
3.  If they refuse a request, they immediately feel a wave of regret for having been so strict or ungenerous. (Para. 6) 
a sudden, uncontrolled feeling of regret 
Suggested answer: a sudden, uncontrollable feeling of regret 
4.  This kind of variability not only loosens the parents' ability to set limits, it also sours the parent-child relationship to some degree, robbing parents and their children of some of the happiness and mutual respect that is present in healthy families. (Para. 6) 
destroy; take away 
Suggested answer: makes (the parent-child relationship) go wrong; taking (some of the happiness and mutual respect) away from (parents and their children) 
5.  Once you turn over a new leaf, you can't expect to change completely right away. (Para. 11) 
change totally, and start a new life 
Suggested answer: start a new course of improved behavior 

Your answers  Correct answers  
   1.  A   A  
   2.  A   C  
   3.  D   D  
   4.  D   D  
   5.  A   A  
   6.  B   B  
   7.  B   B  
   8.  C   C  

1.  He was recently  by the head office to the overseas sales department.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   assigned   assigned 
 
2.  No amount of money can  for the lost time.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   compensate   compensate 
 
3.  A major disaster was prevented by the  action of the firemen.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   prompt   prompt 
 
4.  Being a well-spoken person, he has delivered the speech in an impressive .   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   manner   manner 
 
5.  Today there is a growing  for women to marry late.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   dendency   tendency 
 
6.  The poll shows that his position within the government has been gradually .   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   undermined   undermined 
 
7.  Mike was losing the fight but he would not .   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   submit   submit 
 
8.  Claire looked at the man's shoes and  that he must have taken a short cut across the fields.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   inferred   inferred 
 
9.  The car industry's annual production  between 5.1 million and 7.2 million vehicles.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   fluctuates   fluctuates 
 
10.  The demonstrators attacked and burned buildings and cars; the soldiers  by opening fire.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   responded   responded 
 
11.  I don't know what time she's coming. She won't give me a  answer.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   definite   definite 
 
12.  Her experiences had made her  to other people's troubles.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   sensitive   sensitive 
 
13.  Accidents have become less frequent, thanks to recent  in our safety checks.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   improvement   improvements 
 
14.  His voice was  loud enough to be heard at the back of the theater.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   barely   barely 
 
15.  Doctors have warned against the  effects of smoking.   Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   harmful   harmful 
 


1.  Jean wrote the speaker's address down in her notebook in case she might forget it. (for fear that)
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   Jean wrote the speaker's address down in her notebook for fear that she might forget it.   Jean wrote the speaker's address down in her notebook for fear that she might forget it. 
 
2.  Passengers must show their tickets as soon as they are asked to do so. (on demand)
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   Passengers must show their tickets as soon as they are on demand to do so.   Passengers must show their tickets on demand. 
 
3.  Officials ought to investigate any possible corruption. (be bound to do sth.)
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   Officials are bound to investigate any possible corruption.   Officials are bound to investigate any possible corruption. 
 
4.  I believed it, without any doubt, that you would come with us, so I bought you a ticket. (take... for granted)
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   I took it for granted that you would come with us, so I bought you a ticket.   I took it for granted that you would come with us, so I bought you a ticket. 
 
5.  She has been selfish all the time, but she has promised to make a fresh and better beginning and become more loving toward others. (turn over a new leaf)
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   She has been selfish all the time, but she has promised to turn over a new leaf.   She has been selfish all the time, but she has promised to turn over a new leaf and become more loving toward others. 
 
6.  People in this region have had a strong desire for a peaceful life since the religious war broke out three decades ago. (pine for)
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   People in this region have pined for a peaceful life since the religious war broke out three decades ago.   People in this region have pined for a peaceful life since the religious war broke out three decades ago. 
 
7.  Poor health had made it difficult for Jim to keep a job for more than a year. (hold down)
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   Poor health had made it difficult for Jim to hold down a job for more than a year.   Poor health had made it difficult for Jim to hold down a job for more than a year. 
 
8.  Betty gets very depressed from time to time because of the pressure of her work. (at times)
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   Betty gets very depressed at times because of the pressure of her work.   Betty gets very depressed at times because of the pressure of her work. 
 
9.  The boys at my school used to laugh at me because I have a flat nose. (make fun of)
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   The boys at my school used to make fun of me because I have a flat nose.   The boys at my school used to make fun of me because I have a flat nose. 
 
10.  Jenny kept begging me for a new bicycle, and I finally agreed. (give in)
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   Jenny kept begging me for a new bicycle, and I finally gave in.   Jenny kept begging me for a new bicycle, and I finally gave in. Exercises on Web course only: 
 
11.  As he tried to get off the train, he seemed to lose strength, and half fell to the ground. (attempt to do) 
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   As he attempted to get off the train, he seemed to lose strength, and half fell to the ground.   As he attempted to get off the train, he seemed to lose strength, and half fell to the ground. 
 
12.  It seems logical to suppose that wilder and wilder swings must finally get out of control. (in the end) 
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   It seems logical to suppose that wilder and wilder swings must get out of control in the end.   It seems logical to suppose that wilder and wilder swings must in the end get out of control. 
 
13.  Dunne was murdered, in addition to three guards. (along with) 
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   Dunne was murdered, along with three guards.   Dunne was murdered, along with three guards. 
 
14.  The hotels were filled with tourists. (pack with) 
Your answer:    Your answer(s)   Correct answer(s) 
   The hotels were packed with tourists.   The hotels were packed with tourists. 
 


